The Code Report - July 20th, 2023
Matched with "it is July 20th 2023 and you're watching the code report I'm old enough to"
Timestamp: 1

The Changing Face of AI Language Models
Matched with "llama 2 a new family of large language models released by meta in a surprise"
Timestamp: 25

Introducing Llama 2: A New Language Model
Matched with "llama 2 a new family of large language models released by meta in a surprise"
Timestamp: 25

Comparing GPT4, Google's AI Tool, and Llama 2
Matched with "to gpt4 as well as the new generative AI Tool in Google search I gave all three"
Timestamp: 63

Llama 2: A Safer and More Transparent Model
Matched with "comes to actual benchmarks on other open source models llama 2 is likely the best"
Timestamp: 105

Performance Analysis and Insights
Matched with "performance of Chach EBT varies over time when it comes to code generation"
Timestamp: 146

The Controversial Llama 2 Response
Matched with "provided additional context and links to the web and then finally the Llama 2"
Timestamp: 80

Conclusion
Matched with "response was the most verbose and well written overall but the more you use it"
Timestamp: 84

Asus Ally vs Steam Deck: A Detailed Comparison
Matched with "So you might have came to the
same conclusion that I did, the Ally is like a Steam Deck but more,"
Timestamp: 66

Device Overview
Matched with "making the experience way easier for us. So I've been bouncing
between the two devices"
Timestamp: 100

Performance and Compatibility
Matched with "or if it doesn't run good, if it's gonna impede my performance"
Timestamp: 328

Versatility and Game Options
Matched with "Where I used to get all of my games on the switch for its versatility,"
Timestamp: 217

User Experience and Interface
Matched with "on one of these things
on a gaming handheld, imagine navigating your MySpace
page with the thumb sticks."
Timestamp: 667

Gaming Preferences and Considerations
Matched with "Developers want that great on-deck badge, so they make sure that their
games are optimized as such,"
Timestamp: 94

Conclusion
Matched with "so case closed, problem solved,
it's gotta be better, right? But it's not quite that simple"
Timestamp: 72

Introduction
Matched with "tools like mid-journey you can check out the course I just launched The Ultimate"
Timestamp: 596

Limitations
Matched with "now I do want to show that there are limitations what I'd like to do is"
Timestamp: 473

Example 1: Image Analysis
Matched with "upload a different image this time this is another image I generated using"
Timestamp: 221

Example 2: Color Palette Generation
Matched with "the generated color palette looks pretty good to me here's the color palette it"
Timestamp: 286

Example 3: Weather Data Analysis
Matched with "analysis comparing climates finding extreme"
Timestamp: 445

Interactive Plot Limitations
Matched with "will likely tell me I can't do that because it can't make interactive plots"
Timestamp: 501

Conclusion
Matched with "around the face that it identified let's try another simple example I'm going to"
Timestamp: 217

Asus Ally vs Steam Deck: A Comprehensive Comparison
Matched with "The Ally is at minimum a $700-device, and the Steam Deck by comparison"
Timestamp: 29

Factors to Consider
Matched with "for various games and use cases. I figured it was worth mentioning why,"
Timestamp: 105

Steam Deck vs Asus Ally: A Detailed Comparison
Matched with "The Ally is at minimum a $700-device, and the Steam Deck by comparison"
Timestamp: 29

Gaming Experience
Matched with "some of my physical games from my PS5 in the living room on a handheld."
Timestamp: 430

Asus Ally vs. Steam Deck: A Comprehensive Comparison
Matched with "what has me picking up the Steam Deck over the Ally, and vice versa?"
Timestamp: 110

Introduction
Matched with "it just boots, and it runs,
and everything's great. Unless you wanna run around
in the 3D environments,"
Timestamp: 253

Price and Value
Matched with "in convenient and affordable formats with products ranging
from $2 to $4 per serving."
Timestamp: 164

Gaming Experience
Matched with "some of my physical games from my PS5 in the living room on a handheld."
Timestamp: 430

Developer Support
Matched with "surrounding the Ally at launch. And the controversy was that
there was a software update"
Timestamp: 294

Versatility
Matched with "Where I used to get all of my games on the switch for its versatility,"
Timestamp: 217

Performance and Updates
Matched with "I will say that part of these updates was a boost in fan speed,
which was noticeable"
Timestamp: 339

Noise Levels
Matched with "it's still not that loud, but it's definitely louder than
it was in my initial review,"
Timestamp: 396

Remote Play Support
Matched with "I just wish there was some
sort of remote play support because I would love to be able to play"
Timestamp: 425

Game Pass Integration
Matched with "can play Game Pass
games through streaming, although it's a little bit easier"
Timestamp: 542

Desktop Mode
Matched with "without ever having to
open that desktop mode. On the ORG Ally, the Windows desktop"
Timestamp: 608

Full Blown Desktop Experience
Matched with "with the Windows desktop, at least when you set the thing up."
Timestamp: 618

Ease of Use
Matched with "Anyway, it works all right. It's better than nothing,
but it's a lot easier"
Timestamp: 488

Console vs. PC Feel
Matched with "because the added value that
the Steam Deck has is that it's that PC experience,
but in a hassle-free,"
Timestamp: 78

Compatibility with Games
Matched with "Developers want that great on-deck badge, so they make sure that their
games are optimized as such,"
Timestamp: 94

Final Thoughts
Matched with "Oh. What'd you think I was gonna do?"
Timestamp: 155

Conclusion
Matched with "so case closed, problem solved,
it's gotta be better, right? But it's not quite that simple"
Timestamp: 72

